update docs about merge to indicate hidden merge steps do not run (#123374)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-monitor/visualize/workbooks-data-sources.md

Merging data from different sources can enhance the insights experience. An example is augmenting active alert information with related metric data. Merging data allows users to see not just the effect (an active alert) but also potential causes, for example, high CPU usage. The monitoring domain has numerous such correlatable data sources that are often critical to the triage and diagnostic workflow.

> With workbooks, you can query different data sources. Workbooks also provide simple controls that you can use to merge or join data to provide rich insights. The *merge* control is the way to achieve it.  A single merge data source can do many merges in one step.  For example, a *single* merge data source can merge results from a step using Azure Resource Graph with Azure Metrics, and then merge that result with another step using the Azure Resource Manager (ARM) data source in one query item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With workbooks, you can query different data sources. Workbooks also provide simple controls that you can use to merge or join data to provide rich insights. The *merge* control is the way to achieve it.  A single merge data source can do many merges in one step.  For example, a *single* merge data source can merge results from a step using Azure Resource Graph with Azure Metrics, and then merge that result with another step using the Azure Resource Manager data source in one query item.
```

> [!NOTE]

> > While hidden query and metrics steps will run if referenced by a merge step,  hidden query items *using the merge data source* do not run while hidden.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> While hidden query and metrics steps will run if referenced by a merge step,  hidden query items using the merge data source do not run while hidden.
```

> > A step using merge that attempts to reference *a hidden* step using merge data source *will not run* until that hidden step becomes visible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> A step using merge that attempts to reference a hidden step using merge data source will not run until that hidden step becomes visible.
```

> > While hidden query and metrics steps will run if referenced by a merge step,  hidden query items using the merge data source do not run while hidden.
> > A step using merge that attempts to reference a hidden step using merge data source will not run until that hidden step becomes visible.
> > A single merge step can merge many data sources at once.  There is very rarely a case where a merge data source will reference another merge data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Although hidden query and metrics steps run if they're referenced by a merge step, hidden query items that use the merge data source don't run while hidden.
> A step that uses merge and attempts to reference a hidden step by using merge data source won't run until that hidden step becomes visible.
> A single merge step can merge many data sources at once.  There's rarely a case where a merge data source will reference another merge data source.
```

> > A single merge step can merge many data sources at once.  There is very rarely a case where a merge data source will reference *another* merge data source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> A single merge step can merge many data sources at once.  There is very rarely a case where a merge data source will reference another merge data source.
```
